Group Name:     20/20 Vision
Group Members:  Allan Lieu, Parker Tuck, Adam Spinhirne, Travis Nguyen

Project Description:
    For our project, we decided to create a personal financing app that will help users budget and save their money
    in the most simple and efficient way. 

Problem Statement: Write a paragraph explaining the motivation behind choosing the project-
    People all over the world have trouble with budgeting and spending money wisely. We hope to facilitate budgeting so
    people can worry less about the hassle, and enjoy their money more. We chose to create a personal financing application 
    that will use the users information that is inputted to provide suggestions to that user about how they can save money
    and to keep track of all personal finances. 
    We thought this was a good project to do because we all have interests in saving money, and we felt like this was the 
    most user helpful idea that we had.

List of users: Who will be using your system-
    Our app will be for people who are making payments on anything and want to make sure they are within their means. This could
    be a college student making sure that their classes AND meals are going to be paid for, or a retired older person making 
    sure that they can last the rest of their lives on the money they have. This app is intended to help individuals.
    Any customer/user that has access to a phone or computer AND has an email account of any kind can make an account. There are 
    no payment requirements or other requirements.
    We expect our typical client to be a person between the ages of 16-90. Although the system can be used by anyone, it will
    probably only be used by the people in this age range because they are the ones who will be making or spending money on a
    regular basis.

List of functionalities provided for each user: What are the features provided for each user to use?-
    Each user will be able to:
        - Have a running total of their finances
        - See if they are on, over, or below their budget at any time
        - Track big purchases and save money for them
        - Link different bank accounts and cards
        - Keep track on transactions (deposits, withdrawals, expenses)
        - Monthly profit/loss analysis
        - Advice of how to save money
        - Set financial goals and how they can achieve it.
List of potential technologies being used: Like technology for database, language(s) of implementation etc.-
    React Native
    Javascript
    Java
    C++
    Python
    API (for receiving information from bank institutions)
